#     MacOSX Qt5Agg Qt4Agg Gtk3Agg TkAgg WxAgg Agg
#     Qt5Cairo Qt4Cairo GTK3Cairo TkCairo WxCairo Cairo Wx
#     PS PDF SVG Template
backend: pgf
backend_fallback: False

interactive: False
toolbar:     None
timezone:    UTC

lines.linewidth:       0.6
lines.linestyle:       -
lines.color:           k
lines.marker:          None
lines.markerfacecolor: auto
lines.markeredgecolor: auto
lines.markeredgewidth: 0
lines.markersize:      5
lines.dash_joinstyle:  round
lines.dash_capstyle:   round
lines.solid_joinstyle: round
lines.solid_capstyle:  round
lines.antialiased:     True

lines.dashed_pattern:  4, 3
lines.dashdot_pattern: 2, 4, 1, 4
lines.dotted_pattern:  1, 1
lines.scale_dashes:    False

markers.fillstyle : full

pcolor.shading: auto

font.family:  serif
font.style:   normal
font.variant: normal
font.weight:  normal
font.stretch: normal
font.size:    10.0

text.color : black

text.usetex: True

text.hinting : either
text.hinting_factor : 8
text.kerning_factor : 0
text.antialiased : True

mathtext.cal : cursive
mathtext.rm  : sans
mathtext.tt  : monospace
mathtext.it  : sans:italic
mathtext.bf  : sans:bold
mathtext.sf  : sans

mathtext.fontset : cm
mathtext.fallback: None
mathtext.default : it

axes.facecolor:     white
axes.edgecolor:     black
axes.linewidth:     0.5
axes.grid:          False
axes.grid.axis:     both
axes.grid.which:    major
axes.titlelocation: right
axes.titlesize:     medium
axes.titleweight:   normal
axes.titlecolor:    auto
axes.titlepad:      3.6
axes.labelsize:     medium
axes.labelpad:      4
axes.labelweight:   normal
axes.labelcolor:    black
axes.axisbelow:     True

axes.formatter.limits : -3, 3
axes.formatter.use_locale : False
axes.formatter.use_mathtext: True
axes.formatter.min_exponent : 2
axes.formatter.useoffset : False
axes.formatter.offset_threshold: 0

axes.spines.left   : True
axes.spines.bottom : True
axes.spines.top    : True
axes.spines.right  : True

axes.unicode_minus : True
axes.prop_cycle : cycler('color', ['1f77b4', 'ff7f0e', '2ca02c', 'd62728', '9467bd', '8c564b', 'e377c2', '7f7f7f', 'bcbd22', '17becf'])
axes.autolimit_mode: data
axes.xmargin   : 0.05
axes.ymargin   : 0.05
polaraxes.grid : True
axes3d.grid    : True

xtick.top:           False
xtick.bottom:        True
xtick.labeltop:      False
xtick.labelbottom:   True
xtick.major.size:    2
xtick.minor.size:    1
xtick.major.width:   0.5
xtick.minor.width:   0.4
xtick.major.pad:     1
xtick.minor.pad:     0.5
xtick.color:         black
xtick.labelsize:     medium
xtick.direction:     in
xtick.minor.visible: True
xtick.major.top:     True
xtick.major.bottom:  True
xtick.minor.top:     True
xtick.minor.bottom:  True
xtick.alignment:     center

ytick.left:          True
ytick.right:         False
ytick.labelleft:     True
ytick.labelright:    False
ytick.major.size:    2
ytick.minor.size:    1
ytick.major.width:   0.5
ytick.minor.width:   0.4
ytick.major.pad:     0.5
ytick.minor.pad:     0.1
ytick.color:         black
ytick.labelsize:     medium
ytick.direction:     in
ytick.minor.visible: True
ytick.major.left:    True
ytick.major.right:   True
ytick.minor.left:    True
ytick.minor.right:   True
ytick.alignment:     center_baseline

grid.color:     b0b0b0
grid.linestyle: -
grid.linewidth: 0.3
grid.alpha:     1

image.cmap: Greys

legend.loc:            best
legend.frameon:        False
legend.framealpha:     1
legend.facecolor:      inherit
legend.edgecolor:      1
legend.fancybox:       True
legend.shadow:         False
legend.numpoints:      1
legend.scatterpoints:  1
legend.markerscale:    1.3
legend.fontsize:       10
legend.title_fontsize: None

legend.borderpad:     0.5
legend.labelspacing:  0.1
legend.handlelength:  0.7
legend.handleheight:  0
legend.handletextpad: 0.05
legend.borderaxespad: 0
legend.columnspacing: 0.15

figure.titlesize   : medium
figure.titleweight : normal
figure.figsize     : 2.56, 1.6
figure.dpi         : 72
figure.facecolor   : white
figure.edgecolor   : white
figure.frameon     : False
figure.max_open_warning : -1

figure.subplot.left:   0
figure.subplot.right:  1
figure.subplot.bottom: 0
figure.subplot.top:    1
figure.subplot.wspace: 0
figure.subplot.hspace: 0

figure.autolayout : False
figure.constrained_layout.use: True

figure.constrained_layout.h_pad:  0.027
figure.constrained_layout.w_pad:  0.027
figure.constrained_layout.hspace: 0.00
figure.constrained_layout.wspace: 0.00

errorbar.capsize: 0

hist.bins : auto

scatter.marker : .
scatter.edgecolors : none

path.simplify : True
path.simplify_threshold : 0.1
path.snap : True
path.sketch : None

savefig.dpi       : 600
savefig.facecolor : white
savefig.edgecolor : white
savefig.format    : pdf
savefig.bbox      : standard
savefig.pad_inches: 0.002
savefig.transparent : False
savefig.orientation : landscape

tk.window_focus   : False

ps.useafm         : False
ps.usedistiller   : xpdf
ps.distiller.res  : 1200
ps.fonttype       : 42

pdf.compression    : 0
pdf.fonttype       : 42
pdf.use14corefonts : False
pdf.inheritcolor   : False

svg.image_inline : True
svg.fonttype : path
svg.hashsalt : None


